---
layout: piece
title: 2 Poems
author: Sara June Woods
date: 2016-03-19 11:00:00
category: december2015
---
<p><b>dear hairless chelsea,</b><br><br>
Two women are building a house<br>
around a dying animal.<br>
They go to the river<br>
&amp; dig up clay<br>
to make into bricks<br>
they bake in an oven.<br><br>

The bricks stack up high.<br>
Four, five deep.<br>
The walls are thick.<br>
They leave space for a window.<br>
They leave space for a door.<br><br>

They finish the house<br>
&amp; the animal says<br>
thank you so much<br>
but I am still dying.<br><br>

Love,<br>
Sara</p><br><br>

<p><b>dear hairless hairless tiny teacup pig playing a piano,</b><br><br>
Your song gives me chills.<br>
&amp; the piano you've got sounds<br>
just like the feeling I had riding<br>
the train into this bright city<br>
for the first time &amp; so often since.<br>
Where did you get your piano?<br>
Because the notes all remind me<br>
of people I know, people I knew,<br>
&amp; of these beautiful intersecting lines<br>
they draw across my field of vision,<br>
these single words that I don't<br>
know the meanings of, but know<br>
the feelings of, &amp; how they move<br>
with me when I turn my head<br>
or walk down the street or kiss<br>
a person other than the one<br>
I wish I was kissing.<br><br>

Hairless, it feels like you<br>
are putting your whole hands<br>
in my wounds.<br>
It feels like a dream<br>
about your family<br>
where everyone dies.<br>
One you can't stop having,<br>
that strangers quote<br>
at you on the street,<br>
that is projected<br>
on the wall<br>
in your favorite<br>
restaurant.<br><br>

Pig, can we stop now?<br>
I love your song, it's true,<br>
I can't stop looking at it,<br>
but I am tired of feeling for now.<br>
Let's sleep quietly on our stomachs<br>
&amp; hope everything's changed<br>
by the time we wake up.<br><br>

Love always,<br>
Sara</p></br></br>
<i>"dear hairless hairless alice" was previoiusly published in <a href="http://www.wintertangerine.com/volume-four/">Winter Tangerine Review</a>.</i>