---
layout: piece
title: "Marine Biology"
author: Ritapa Neogi
date: 2017-06-26 01:00:00
category: june2017
bio: "Ritapa Neogi is a jellyfish enthusiast from Portland, Oregon. Her work has been previously published in Cosmonauts Avenue, Wildness Journal and Persephone's Daughters. In her free time, Ritapa enjoys reading about deep-sea creatures and playing the bass guitar."
---
If we were entirely made by thread, I’d be the red yarn. <br>
There is something about rods and cones <br>
that doesn’t seem to like danger. They work like facets on diamonds, <br>
sample lipstick at the grocery, white letters on stop signs; <br>
like the word “caramel” when I say it. <br>
God, I just want to be important. I just want to be someone real. <br>
The early autumn leaves have me thinking deep crimson hue is only okay <br>
when it’s fifty miles early and I should’ve expected it. People don’t like that color: <br>
it’s like being hit in the face with a shit-ton of bricks, and nobody wants <br>
to be met with something real. <br>
What’s the fun in being real when you have to prove it? Let’s see, <br>
I have a dog. When I was four I stepped on a nail and had it taken out with tweezers; <br>
when I was seventeen I glued cigarettes into scrapbooks. When I was old enough <br>
to call bullshit on Andy Warhol, I made a choker out of tabs off Campbell’s chicken noodle soup and a severed G string from my guitar. Sometimes,<br>
I sit in bed and wonder how to shed eyelashes <br>
and the effects of antidepressants on women taking birth control. <br>
World history probably warned me about this: <br>
being a bitch is like manhandling a group project, <br>
everyone drowns you in praise ‘til you fuck up. I’m waiting for you to smoke it off.<br>
I’m waiting for you to stare at the sea ‘til you’re positive there’s something there.<br>
Under all these deeply damaged layers of artificial material and cheaply-crafted plastic,<br>
there’s something there, and I can’t believe it’d take a bachelor’s degree to see it.<br>
