---
layout: piece
title: "harbinger"
author: Nolan Allan
date: 2017-06-28 01:00:00
category: june2017
bio: "Nolan Allan's work has been published in Prelude, Witchcraft Mag, Spy Kids Review, and many others. He lives in Durham, North Carolina, and is on the internet @nolanallan"
---
it always seems like honking makes the city <br>
bigger than usual <br><br>

on most days. you told me you wanted me<br>
to tell you when the reign of seafood was over, but<br><br>

first, witness agave leaves ablaze, <br>
wads of green <br><br>

spikes browning deeply to<br>
curly wafts gathered near <br><br>

your face, like smoke unmade<br>
from a once and future king's<br><br>

spice filled censer served a la mode <br>
from a roadside stand, sturdy walls <br><br>

glazed in ozone<br>
and pocked with abalone bits, proprietors <br><br>

sworn to grill soft shell shrimp, tiny <br>
appendages, pincering mandibles, all<br><br>

consumed by the infuscate water disappeared<br>
down the sinkhole growing <br><br>

inside. your soft neck blows about me <br>
(do you remember what i was talking  <br><br>

about about like ten lines ago?<br>
oh, your face and smoke? again? ok, thanks). i tile wood <br><br>

floors with coins rather than tiles, so really <br>
it's more like harboring a villain <br><br>

than anything else, or perhaps like burying<br> 
ligamental chunks of you <br><br>

for to grow in the blood <br>
red clay and bewitched moss<br><br>

my house rests on.<br>
all in all,  i think it's just got to be<br><br>

your touched destiny <br>
and me, and then some <br><br>

out of the loop obelisk guts<br>
we CTRL + S'd for eternity <br><br>

in talking cookie jars<br>
shaped like thieving bears<br><br> 

whom get their stinking paws off on<br>
my collection of unfulfilled promise <br><br>

rings melted down and recast <br>
imperfectly into planet shaped musket balls.<br><br>

you're told<br><br>

to sit still until birds call out<br><br>

your name <br><br>

in the rain <br><br>

made gloom,<br><br>

informing you <br><br>

your table is ready.<br><br>

you're told <br><br>

when you visit the sea<br><br>

the waves are saying something<br><br> 

that sounds <br><br>

suspiciously like<br><br>

"we miss you" <br><br>

over <br>
and <br>
over <br>
and <br>
over <br>
and <br><br>

even though i don't know <br><br>

you, yet,<br><br>

i think this<br>
*gestures across the two of us*<br>
could be as true as all that<br>
*gestures above the two of us*<br> 
