---
layout: piece
title: "2 poems"
author: "Joseph Sheeha"
date: 2017-10-29 10:00:00
category: october2017
bio: "Joseph Sheehan is a poet from Baltimore, Maryland. His first collection entitled New Queer Cinema and Other Poems was published in 2015."
---
*On the Rim of Heaven*

Everything remains in the certainty of forgetting.<br>
I wanted blindness in the long film of memory, the mysteries<br><br> 
of past cities thrown against the sky between the warring provinces.<br>
There will be heaven among these holy sites and the songs<br><br> 
are almost crippling to hear now, the women of musical talent<br>
from such distant shores. You have felt what the world is like<br><br>
but those moments have passed and I run upstairs again to listen<br>
for the beginning of all things, racing for the open sea.<br><br> 
These lines become meaningless like the likenesses of souls<br>
confined to sweetness in the birth pangs of another century.<br><br>
*Sunday at Dawn*

It may be you were born<br> 
under similar circumstances, that the air you breathe<br> 
draws blood just as easily, that in the undertow we share<br> 
the seasons are aligned<br> 
and the poems that we’ve kept quiet<br> 
have flooded the distance of our bruises…<br> <br> 
It’s true, I’ve cried too much<br> 
to allow myself the benefit of compromise<br> 
holding tight to the nights I spent<br> 
under birdless skies<br> <br> 
before I talked with the sun<br> 
and the city I had, filled with angels<br> 
in their white dresses, kept vigil<br> 
in a swirl of sparrows.<br> <br> 
In tramping through those streets<br> 
we looked for what remained of September<br> 
as the gashes healed making room for the frayed<br> 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;edges of our fingers.<br> <br> 
Our spiral ringed notebooks still missing,<br> 
I held you for a summer.<br> 
