---
layout: piece
title: "What Do I Know of Desire"
author: Spencer Williams
date: 2017-10-29 10:00:00
category: october2017
bio: "Spencer Williams is a transgender poet from Chula Vista, California. She is the author of the chapbook Alien Pink (The Atlas Review, 2017). Her work has appeared in or is forthcoming from Cosmonauts Avenue, Fractal, Potluck, and earthwords."
---
I.<br><br>
I say to you, bring me the meat<br>
of my maker on a golden plate. <br>
Tip his mouth to mine and force<br>
the honey from it. <br>
Kiss the bitter of the unbeliever’s<br>
tongue, the parching red. <br>
Notice: a burn present<br>
on the underside of my left arm, <br>
grinning. Notice too the bone <br>
between my lips, like road-kill <br>
trapped beneath the chemical <br>
girth of the sun. <br><br>
II.<br><br>
In the trappings of night,<br>
I gleam with aftermath, <br>
sweet dew imprinted on a bed sheet <br>
in a room with no windows. <br>
Let my coarseness be<br>
the window, organs framed beneath<br>
malicious light, reflecting.<br>
If I know anything, it is the maw <br>
of my historic caught fooling<br>
in another man’s mouth. <br>
Touched Nerve. Bodily Insult. <br>
I stain myself for warmth, see.<br>
I lather in my stew.<br><br>
III.<br><br>
At night I touch myself <br>
and it is the same as crying. <br>
Once, in a wild misinterpretation,<br>
I tried to picture myself all the way<br>
through and became so distracted<br>
by my slack-jawed expression<br>
that I could not complete. <br><br>
IV.<br><br>
This is where shame kicks<br>
down the wooden door and tugs<br>
at my arms. I shake my head like<br>
the rain is holding it. I blame my<br>
cum on something else. I cum and<br>
feel ashamed that I had nothing<br>
at all to do with it. Perhaps my<br>
body, in a biblical sense,<br>
is synonymous with a physical<br>
shame not immediately felt,<br>
though inflicted gradually<br>
by way of ubiquitous haunt.<br>
For instance, I tremble in rooms <br>
I know to be warm. I lift my skirt<br>
and bones orchestrate their clatter<br>
on the kitchen floor. <br><br>
V.<br><br>
The story of Jesus<br>
and the adulteress has no place<br>
to call home. She is blamed <br>
for her pleasure and stripped <br>
of a name. The man she communes<br>
with does not constitute an utterance,<br>
is never once threatened by <br>
the surface of a killing stone. <br>
The adulteress is saved<br>
only in the promise that she<br>
sleeps alone, or only with the man<br>
who is a ghost in this story.<br>
In my version, I sleep with<br>
many ghosts, birth many<br>
oceans. My skin, lost beneath<br>
the surface of my hands. I sin,<br>
repeat. Repeat. <br><br>
VI.<br><br>
As if solitude demands it<br>
I sleep now in the nude beneath<br>
the buffer of a corpse cold sheet.<br>
Once, over cheese fries,<br>
I asked a friend a question that answered<br>
itself: Am I insecure? <br>
She responded:<br>
You’re eating cheese fries.<br>
Later on, I told her I could masturbate<br>
without using my hands.<br>
This is a lie. I did not actually<br>
tell her this. But pleasure is a finger<br>
-less talent of mine. It is one<br>
I have been doing this entire time.

