---
layout: piece
title: Dear Sal
author: Jeremy Radin
date: 2016-06-22 13:00:00
category: june2016
---
**Dear Sal,**<br>
<br>
In a room on the river <br>
we crooned hymns <br>
to honeysuckle, eulogized <br>
a stuffed trout, carved nectarines <br>
& waltzed within <br>
the scent. You fed me <br>
dark bread slathered in butter <br>
& I did not speak of <br>
the French, the Germans, my mouth <br>
too full of sweetnesses. Your steady hands <br>
aglow, you touched me <br>
with such unbearable <br>
attention, accurate <br>
fingers unlacing the slaughter, <br>
numbers & the names of countries <br>
crumbling in your eyes.<br>
<br>
**Dear Sal,**<br>
<br>
For nearly a year I have been building a Word. <br>
Hammering letters together, welding with a torch<br>
that shoots a tongue-colored flame. I began<br>
<br>
my work while remembering your pinky. How she <br>
stands apart from all the others. They, a cluster <br>
of gossips; she, preening, disturbing the sensibilities. <br>
<br>
It is almost finished, the Word. I would say it here <br>
but the walls would come crashing down. I wish <br>
to say it in your house. In your father, mother,<br>
<br>
brother & his twelve-gauge altar. Instead I holler <br>
recipes at lizards, cry Kaddish over birds that dash<br>
their brains out on the door. The Word is going <br>
<br>
extinct in my mouth. Sing to me, Bashert, once <br>
more. There is not enough room in the world <br>
for your silence.<br>
<br>
**Dear Sal,**<br>
<br>
Burning beds in a field I command the light, unleash it in the direction of your dress.<br>
I repeat your name to a cavalry of stars, hold to their noses a section of your dress.<br>
<br>
You found me trembling like a donkey at the altar, starving & skinny, my hair a ghost’s nest.<br>
You took me inside to bind my wound in water, nourish me on the confection of your dress.<br>
<br>
A basket of peaches underneath your arm, the orchards of silence uprooted in your chest,<br>
you stroll through the blinding honeysuckle, its scent the only explanation for your dress.<br>
<br>
A sycamore sags on the side of a road, bones of a forgotten saint, unsung & under-blessed.<br>
May you be delivered up from her roots, may you bloom in the rich salvation of her dress.<br>
<br>
How dark is the sum of the unburied dead? They scale the moonlight & bellow distress.<br>
What relief awaits when you unfold the fabrics & open the organization of your dress.<br>
<br>
Refugees cascade from the mouths whales, in a language of no they are the last remaining yes.<br>
I came from the dark with a war in my teeth, seeking clemency here in the nation of your dress.<br>
<br>
I die in in the tub as the coffee is brewing - I am lifted by the angels, I am lifted by regrets.<br>
I am brought back to life in a room on the river, warning against the negation of your dress.<br>
<br>
**Dear Sal,**<br>
<br>
After all these years I’ve reached my age. To celebrate I eat a tuna salad on rye<br>
the size of a Buick. There is the mishegas & there is the mishegas. The man who<br>
gave me a voice, he didn’t even speak the language. Oy, what a shondeh. Do you <br>
know what the word Bashert means? It means I would go back to Europe for you. <br>
I would eat mayonnaise on the Eiffel Tower. I would surround a tree with presents <br>
for the phantoms of our children, sing to the Rhine in the language of my people. <br>
If that, Bashert, is your wish. What have I been trying to say about desire? Stuffing <br>
tuna salad sandwich into my mouth. It is not something I can afford. At this time <br>
of day the park is almost empty. I want to hide in the grass & make animal sounds,<br>
get the whole damn place to myself. Bashert, imagine! Just the two of us, strolling<br>
hand in hand, the beast of longing whimpering under our shoes. We call it longing <br>
because it takes forever. I am, years old. How can it matter? I hope somehow I have <br>
made you laugh. What do you call the most Jewish fish? The anchoyvey. I made that<br>
one up while the moon ate my legs. Ah yes, & the shadow is mine. My beard, heavy <br>
with fish & salt & seeds. What do you call a garden on the bottom of the ocean? <br>
Climb out of the wind if you know.<br>