---
layout: piece
title: 5 poems
author: Paul Fauteux
date: 2016-06-22 09:00:00
category: june2016
---
**Housekeeping**<br>
<br>
Throw your baseball cap<br>
in the dishwasher.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(This<br>
could be your son.)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Use <br>
diminutive language.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Clean<br>
the kitchen, try to get<br>
high.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Remember:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;you are fascinated<br>
by repetition.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(you are<br>
a human being.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A letter comes<br>
to “DAD” from Richmond.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For fear<br>
of Federales, do not open.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It’s probably<br>
an acronym.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Instead, buy expensive<br>
underpants.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Knit a knit suitcase<br>
reinforced with discarded three-<br>
ring binders.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Swallow everything.<br>
<br>
<br>
**Explication**<br>
<br>
I am behind you <br>
in the stairwell<br>
explaining my <br>
absence, that I had<br>
purchased a book<br>
and would accept <br>
two more.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I appreciate <br>
value.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I will buy<br>
two toothpaste tubes <br>
for the price of one-<br>
and-a-half.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I am <br>
a happy American.<br>
I am fit enough <br>
to enjoy a little<br>
snacking.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I have <br>
a girlfriend.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I have<br>
a twelve-speed bike.<br>
My girlfriend<br>
is a twelve-speed bike.<br>
I was androgynous as a ten-<br>
year-old; I had long,<br>
beautiful eyelashes <br>
and red red lips.<br>
<br>
<br>
**Dear,**<br>
<br>
all of these salted<br>
crackers represent<br>
love.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;jangling keys<br>
stand for consumerism<br>
and self concept:<br>
catalytic, you leave me<br>
without nexus— excited<br>
particles conform to skin<br>
of a balloon giraffe,<br>
an emptied mayonnaise jar<br>
<br>
the physical aspect of matter<br>
is a kind of honorific assigned<br>
to colliding energies— particles<br>
of space connecting space<br>
so when my sleeves give way to elbows<br>
whatever's really going on<br>
has as much to do with being still<br>
as a swinging lamp,<br>
bleeding lotus flowers<br>
and rose-red wine.<br>
<br>
<br>
**[How to un-do things:]**<br>
<br>
How to un-do things:<br>
Cut directly through<br>
the center—peel the subject's<br>
skin, fit to something more<br>
deserving.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We are<br>
all divine, perfect images<br>
of a vengeful schizoid—<br>
There is nothing more<br>
frustrating than waiting<br>
in line at the Post Office,<br>
and little halves of books<br>
are kind and unassuming.<br>
The best customer <br>
is a repeat customer.<br>
For these many years<br>
rain's been falling sulfur<br>
dioxide and various mono<br>
nitrogen-oxide hammers.<br>
I billow through the troposphere<br>
collecting notes for maps.<br>
<br>
<br>
**My Body**<br>
<br>
Parts of me are falling off<br>
and acting like they know what's going on.<br>
An expression of my recessive genes<br>
has appointments in two different cities,<br>
each accessible by greyhound.<br>
My nose inchworms across the carpet,<br>
encouraging comprehensive empathy<br>
for other selves I've met.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Not that I need<br>
reminders, really, it's just there are<br>
so many parts. My nasopharynx wants<br>
to eat Korean noodles—the rest<br>
disagree.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'm glad you seem to understand;<br>
I want someone who seems<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;to understand.<br>