---
layout: piece
title: Play Misty For Me, Sam, I Can Take It If She Can
author: Gregory Crosby
date: 2016-06-22 10:00:00
category: june2016
---
Imagining what my life might have looked like if I'd been<br>
undersexed: a junkie, perhaps, or someone who made<br>
a great deal of money. The branch is bare where the kitten<br>
once clung, its eyes telling me to hang in there. Or was it<br>
me, imploring the kitten (& why should I wish for the<br>
kitten to let go)? We must all hang in there together, <br>
or assuredly we will all hang in there separately. <br>
They sang about chasing the dragon, but it was just <br>
a kitten, purring in the wilderness. Where there's smoke, there's <br>
a dragon, & where there's kitsch, there's a kitten. Imagining <br>
what life might have looked like if there hadn't been nine of them.<br>
Imagining Steely Dan chasing the kitten instead,<br>
time out of mind but not, alas, out of joint. Oh, kitten:<br>
maybe you didn't drop. Maybe you raptured straight up. <br>
Maybe you simply landed on your feet like, you know, a<br>
cat. Maybe I'm simply staring at the wrong bare branch. <br>
Undersexed isn't the right word, but it doesn't matter<br>
because I wasn't, I'm not. Still, I'll never have a mug<br>
that says World's Greatest Dad. Or a kitten, or a cat.<br>
But I cling to the branch.  Persistance. Pass it on. Pass by. <br>
That beautiful highway shimmies in the sunbaked twilight.<br>
Behind the billboards, dragons dream, passed out atop bags <br>
of gold, snoring smog, imagining what life might have looked <br>
like if they'd chased a ball of yarn instead of the sublime. <br>
Imagining the sublime up a tree again, dammit,<br>
one more distraction, the goddamned stupid sublime. No, not <br>
imagining. Knowing. All those hours. Picking them out of<br>
a line-up. Telling them, one by one, to just hang in there. <br>
Where the air is rarefied, & every branch is bare,<br>
& the fireman on his ladder finds peace at last.<br>