---
layout: piece
title: Three Poems
author: Sarah Francoise
date: 2016-06-22 16:00:00
category: june2016
---
**Untitled**<br>
<br>
I was a fountain choreographer<br>
in purple sheets, given to glass worship.<br>
I was statues, too, broken down to chips,<br>
when the rumor died down at the altar.<br>
Elle ordered me (again) to Love My Hair,<br>
when France and Russia fought over warships,<br>
when we were two people meant to Ketchup;<br>
but wasn’t that your job? (I mean, the hair).<br>
Back when I spent my money on Moleskines -<br>
they still write, to ask me if I want more.<br>
I don’t know how to answer such questions,<br>
so instead I tell them I want more skin,<br>
because we stretched the rumor till it tore,<br>
and then left it to yellow in the sun.<br>
<br>
<br>
**Marbles**<br>
<br>
The morning after the cow lost her calf,<br>
the symptoms set in.<br>
<br>
The planarian split into two,<br>
3.4 miles from shore.<br>
<br>
The slanted city/a spineless island,<br>
sent the marbles on a downward roll.<br>
<br>
Then with the drill (it’s a hands-on city):<br>
don’t fix the shelves, please, just fill in the hole.<br>
<br>
When I fell, I felled the topography.<br>
<br>
You misunderstood me a hundred times,<br>
yet here I am again, infralapsing.<br>
<br>
So: there was your way and there was mine,<br>
respecting our original parting.<br>
<br>
Buried under a tree came back bolder:<br>
that bell I found. Remember? I told you.<br>
<br>
<br>
**Windows**<br>
<br>
They are all talking about <br>
the storm windows <br>
but none of them saw <br>
the note on the sink,<br>
the one that kept it to storms,<br>
on how to condition the storms <br>
for storms. <br>
<br>
And while they sign off in the copse,<br>
through their talk of squalls<br>
comes our daughter's voice, <br>
supplicating the raspberries, <br>
those that dilly-dallied into September, <br>
so old they taste like jam. <br>
<br>
The woman who lived here <br>
made her nest in a town <br>
kept honest by wood.<br>
 <br>
Now an auctioneer codes <br>
a shovel full of buttons<br>
rested on a child's sled <br>
and a julep Rabbit,<br>
68,000 miles tired. <br>
<br>
It reminds me of a cabinet <br>
where birds were laid to rest <br>
in cotton balls. <br>
<br>
No one is really from this town<br>
and the only wood to ever come from here <br>
was splintered, dipped in sulphur, <br>
and inflamed against diminutive <br>
adirondack chairs. <br>
<br>
Our daughter pockets an acorn,<br>
convincing us both she has taken <br>
something valuable.<br>