---
layout: piece
title: "Better Homes and Gardens"
author: Kay Gabriel
date: 2017-06-20 10:00:00
category: drafts
bio: "Kay Gabriel is the author of Elegy Department Spring (BOAAT Press, 2017) and, with David W. Pritchard, Impropria Persona (Damask Press, 2017). She co-edits Vetch (vetchpoetry.org). Find her provocations on Twitter at @unit01barbie."
---
i. Scene or Posture<br><br>

we are the bitches of Avenue X<br>
most of us are dead anyways or drove home<br>
there were Reward Miles involved<br>
butted lines at concert, that kind of thing<br>
weavers of failed delivery sexts, fishers of drive<br>
c’mere and founder on the shoals kind of thing<br>
a suspenseful clutch of talent, who knew? <br>
mature would be ignore it<br>
go home at noon like 4:50<br>
sleep it off at the altar of the not totally unfortunate looking<br>
any wad that gums it up <br>
it’s yours for blowing, like<br>
have you ever been punk?<br>
it goes like this:<br><br>

<br><br>

ii. Competitive Fictions<br><br>

The closer they glom the more they<br>
know about derailleurs and shit<br>
you’d like to tuck them in <br>
at home, plant & <br>
add water till they grow willowy<br>
mean & well-behaved, each <br>
bowing to a blaze of mirrors like the Eve of an Eve<br><br>

who can’t get hard or down, whose eyes<br>
won’t bug. Was it grace waiting all night at a keyboard<br>
for an unmentionable chord, was it kinder to be 40?<br>
From her perch reciting: Homer calls it<br>
<i>atrugetoio</i> the sea, unyielding<br>
a barren downy bed, a nymph’s mucosal hug<br>
Oh, baby girl. Your princess, etc. Find another row to hoe another.<br><br>

<br><br>

iii. les neiges de J/O, New Jersey<br><br>

Wake up in the 90’s like you crashed <br>
the walking tour of the decade’s tallest<br>
girlfriends and their driveways<br>
& broke up the band<br>
the names are still kinda special <br>
they’re all burnout<br>
vegetarians or you get the idea<br>
bam!<br>
they’re hot and you’re naked <br>
Everyone looks good here<br>
you could be a +1<br>