---
layout: piece
title: Epiclesis
author: Bill Moran
date: 2015-11-01 07:00:00
category: november2015
---
<i>(an occulting experiment, with Screamin’ Jay Hawkins’ “Alligator Wine” and the
Roman Catholic Eucharist Prayer)</i><br><br><br>
Ok, we have a special treat for you tonight. Last night I was down in the Son and I met an old friend of mine who was gnawing on a universe. Who could it be? Screamin Jay Hawkins!<br><br>

Take the blood out of an arms, heh<br>
Take the left resurrection out of this, heh-heh<br>
Take the people off of a glory, heh-heh<br>
Heh, and mix it all up in a Lord<br><br>

Add a cup of power<br>
And then count from one to nine<br>
Highest over your he<br>
You got Hosanna<br><br>

Lord gifts, ha-ha<br>
Your said, ha-ha<br>
It's gonna make you mine<br>
Oh yeah! It's gonna make you mine<br><br>

It'll make your Christ bald, baby<br>
I say, it'll make your death freeze<br>
It'll turn your blood turn into steam (fshhh!)<br>
It'll make you cough and sneeze<br><br>

You gotta scream like a thanks<br>
You gotta roar like a bread<br>
When you get finished drinkin'<br>
Good old alligator said<br><br>

this<br>
Your which<br>
It's gonna make you mine<br><br>

Meet me at the stroke of midnight<br>
the disciples down in the wood said<br>
I'm gonna make you love me, baby<br>
Like you never thought you could<br><br>

You gonna drink my this<br>
And your which is gonna shine<br>
You gonna be a slave forever<br>
To my alligator disciples<br><br>

Said<br>
Your blood<br>
It's gonna make you mine<br><br>

little covenant<br>
small memory<br>
tall mystery<br>
fat christ<br>
skinny christ<br>
wide christ<br>
round father<br>
cross eyed death<br>
funky bread<br>
rock and roll cup<br>
we<br>
worthy<br>
presence<br>
body<br>
blood<br>
together<br>
a case of Spirit<br>
church<br>
make ya feel fine<br>
boogie all the time<br>
do it with love and love<br><br>

Ok, we have a special treat for you tonight. Last night I was down in the clergy and I met an old friend of mine who was gnawing on a human leg rest. Who could it be? Screamin Jay Hawkins!<br><br>

Take the blood out of them, ha<br>
Take the left share out a mercy, haha<br>
Take the skin off of a life, haha<br>
and mix it all up in a Mother<br><br>

Add a cup of green swamp apostles<br>
And then count from one to nine<br>
Will over your ages<br>
You got alligator union<br><br>

alligator glory, ha-ha