---
layout: default
title: 2 Poems
author: Jeremy Freedman
date: 2015-11-01 11:00:00
category: november2015
---
<b>Nothing and Something</b>

<p>It's been a week </br>
since I ran out of milk;</br>
that's the sum total</br>
of all that's happened</br>
since I came home from Italy,</br>
where I saw the tenderest </br>
Bellini mother and child </br>
in the Brera,</br>
and saw there </br>
in the faces of the men</br>
at the Disputation’s edge</br>
how solitude</br>
can be performed</br>
in plain view</br>
in the shadows </br>
of the sunset.</br>
It's easy to write about nothing:</br>
nothing is what we know </br>
when the day is foggy </br>
and the apartment </br>
has no heat</br>
and no trip to Italy,</br>
no matter how recent,</br>
can compensate. </br>
Not so easy to write</br>
about something:</br>
the mortadella </br>
I smuggled home, </br>
hidden in my carry-on,</br>
just so </br>
I had some skin</br>
in the game </br>
and another creature’s</br>
viscera</br>
to pick at.</br>
</p></br>

<b>Duck Duck Goose</b>

<p>I have several of Donald Duck's </br>
most inauspicious traits:</br>
I'm pretty but I'm boring,</br>
I'm moodier than the usual,</br>
my urine is a dull yellow,</br>
my beak hangs unhinged</br>
when I doff my hat,</br>
I only wear my underwear</br>
on my birthday.</br>
I'm jejune, </br>
I'm willing to shill,</br>
I butter my scones</br>
with Sisyphus's groans,</br>
my pupils don't dilate</br>
when I shut the lights.</br></br>

When I shut the lights</br>
the years weigh heavy;</br>
I carry them high,</br>
thrust out in front.</br>
I demand your seat</br>
on the subway.</br>
I'm up to my feet</br>
in chicken soup.</br>
My left breast is bigger</br>
than my right—that's right </br>
where my heart sits.</br></br>

That's right where my heart sits,</br>
hovering below the choir,</br>
as big as the Higgs boson, </br>
right above my distended stomach.</br>
My lips taste like duck sauce:</br>
surely this is my ducktail</br>
I feel with my duckhand.</br>