---
layout: piece
title: I Misremember
author: Tyler Gobble
date: 2016-04-10 19:00:00
category: april2016
---
The wedding and the ugly tux with mauve <br> 
Pinstripes. Who fell asleep. They rode away on blue bicycles <br> 
Very straight. I got meat lovers pizza. I misremember <br> 
The color of the bra. Or the number of ice cubes <br> 
I sucked down whole. I was seven. Or post-first cavity<br>
Filling feeling. I misremember the flavor of popsicle <br> 
I sucked. Grape or green. What is the peach. <br> 
The sound of a hand on my hair. Or the tiny green camper.<br> 
It was on fire. I awoke saying I know somebody is dying. <br> 
I awoke saying Somebody I know is dying. <br> 
Jeep Wrangler exiting my gullet as it exited<br> 
The yard. I misremember which night gown my mother wore.<br> 
The hearts or the teddy bears. <br> 
The wallpaper was yellow or pink. <br> 
Or the number of deer heads they displayed  <br> 
At the funeral. They certainly each shone  <br> 
On the wall. The feel of the end  <br> 
Of October. A hotel with everything indoors. <br> 
I misremember the size of my penis. <br> 
Who was there. Who was laughing. <br> 
My dad literally fishing  <br> 
My trunks from the deep end. Which uncle <br> 
Chomping tobacco the color of his horses. <br> 
I misremember the first chicken I killed. <br> 
The smell of pot in the car. The song playing. <br> 
The primary means of fire those days. <br> 
I ate chicken legs and I puked on Christmas Eve. <br> 
Which year and which chicken.<br> 
I misremember how I misremember. <br> 
Who brought the mac and cheese to Thanksgiving. <br> 
Who only naps on holidays. Or what reason <br> 
My uncle said for never shaving. I misremember what <br> 
Teen brought the secret champagne for sunset.