---
layout: piece
title: Harlem Ang Moh
author: Maria Ng
date: 2016-10-01 07:00:00
category: october2015
---
You are sitting in bed</br>
sweating out a chicken </br>
noodle soup. You watch </br>
from afar.</br></br>

Teng and Cruz live in a paint speckled</br>
apartment. Teng is dotting the ceiling </br>
and the walls with her skinny pale fingers.</br></br>

She is poking craters into</br>
the moon at night. She is</br>
sending men to their deaths</br>
with holes in their skulls by doing wet </br>
willies in their temples, execution style.</br></br>

They have gentrified the yuppies.</br>
Cruz has brought the soul back</br>
to the streets. Teng has blown</br>
up all of the art museums.</br></br>

<i>Such tackiness. Silly ang moh.</br>
Damned gringos. White flight.</br>
New Harlem Renaissance.</i></br></br>

But sometimes they are tender</br>
and they lead the yuppies into </br>
coffee shops and buy them muffins.</br></br>

You watch them dancing and laughing, </br>
you have a pair of binoculars. You</br>
are their peeping tom.  </br></br>

You are also Pork Bun's baby sitter.</br>
Sometimes they call you whenever</br>
it's time for them to sing at the</br>
Yum Cha club. </br></br>

In the afternoon you hear them</br>
echoing, eres para mí, Nǐ hé wǒ,</br>
always, always, always.</br></br>

You know who they are. You watched </br>
Teng and Cruz, hand in hand, in loving</br>
 embrace, almost forming their own cocoon,</br>
 crash into Mother Earth as a meteor </br>
on the Lunar Year.  They woke with </br>
their lips connected.</br></br>

<i>Sweetness exchanged, mi amor.</br>
No pendejas shall steal you.</i></br></br>

It was a cold night, you figured </br>
you had too much eggnog, despite</br>
that it wasn't Christmas anymore. </br>
But they were so beautiful. You </br>
couldn't your get eyes off of them. </br></br>

So much so that when</br>
 they were looking for a</br>
 caretaker for their daughter,</br>
Pork Bun, you were the first</br>
email in their inbox.</br></br>

Your cover letter looked </br>
like this:<i>I can cook a meen</br>
meel, I can speak conversational</br>
Spanish, I was once a yoga instructor.</i></br></br>

You couldn't spell or split</br>
your lips to form coherent</br>
sentences. And yet, they</br>
hired you. <i>Silly Ang moh</br>
wants to be our friend.</i>