---
layout: piece
title: 3 Poems
author: Jess Rizkallah
date: 2015-10-01 13:00:00
category: october2015
---
<b>punkass strawberries</b>
<p>theyve got jowls and everything. these are some punk rock strawberries<br>
there’s a civilization in every seed and each one is yelling at the one next<br>
door to turn down the bass &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp and the sirens &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp to end more quietly<br>
and all delicately. and like, thematically. or something<br>
like the end of the world will be &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp and often is<br>
all saltwater on flesh<br><br>

“Nearer My God To Thee” playing as the sun goes down<br> 
it’s mouth clamping  down on our corpses<br>
decorating the cupcake of this planet &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp cute<br><br>

CNN will still be broadcasting, of course. they’re holding the Titanic’s final<br>
note in a glassbottle in their database until they receive confirmation that<br>
the world is indeed ending. &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp an intern has confirmed this (we’re<br>
good for something) (sometimes) (would you like these<br>
stapled or paper clipped)<br><br>

i bring my mouth down on the strawberry, getting seeds stuck between my teeth<br>
i bare my teeth at the sun &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp pretending the red flesh is someone else’s<br><br>

i am so totally punk rock. i don’t look the sun in the eye but<br>
i am still so totally punk rock. i so totally feast on the jowls<br>
of poetry and the prelude to chapstick and smoothies and<br>
metaphor rotting in the fridge.<br><br>

i am the sun, coming for the world. i am muting all these baby armageddons.<br>
these berry flavored apocalypses. &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp cute &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp cute cute cute &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp , &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp the end<br>

<b>WORKING FRIDAY NIGHTS IN HARVARD SQUARE</b>

<p>the lady ordering a latte was reading bossy pants<br>
and i was like “hey is that book good?”<br><br>

and she looked at me like i had seventeen fingers<br>
attached to my left cheek because<br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp How Dare The Coffee Gnome Speak Like a Person About Person Things<br>
and i was like YIKES OKAY MAYBE I’M NOT A PERSON AFTER ALL<br><br>

and then she took her drink and went to sit down and unzipped<br>
a flap in the skin of her upperarm and shoved the book inside<br>
and i was like YIKES OKAY maybe i’m not the one who’s not human<br><br>

and then a different lady, the woman who paints her <br>
face purple blue blue blue glitter came in with her luggage <br>
and her big scarf and she sits in the corner<br>
and she is talking to someone who isn’t there and she’s doing this while<br>
painting her face all starry night but like if van gogh had done it at the discoteque<br>
but like if the disoteque was underwater.<br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp and she’s talking about the jazz age and also about<br>
 the fire that burned down the horsestable but also she’s really not able<br>
to stomach dairy this week and she doesn’t know what to do about it<br>
because being lactose intolerant is becoming an expensive trend in this college town<br>
but also HEY YOU &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp YOU  WITH THE MOTOROLA <br>
WAITING FOR YOUR COFFEE &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp YEAH YOU I SEE YOU<br>   
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp YOURE NOT TAKING ME ANYWHERE<br>
I DONT EVEN HAVE HEALTH INSURANCE AND IM SICK<br>
OF THIS 1984 SHIT &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp I WISH YOU’D ALL JUST LEAVE ME ALONE<br><br>

OR AT LEAST SPOT ME 22 FUCKING CENTS<br><br>

and she turns to her ghost friend and sobs, she is sobbing and then<br>
she is medusa’s mouth again, snakes coming out of the cranium<br>
of every word she says, she says one day &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp one day one day one<br>
day one day one day one day one day<br>
one day one day one day<br>
one day one day one day one day<br>
one day one day the the entire world will be<br>
blue and people will be nice and maybe. maybe<br>
she is the most Person person here<br>

<b>the summer i keep yelling</b>

<p>i’ve swallowed all the elephants in the room,<br>
they hide under sheets like i can’t see them<br>
but i know they’re there. there’s a tiny dancing man<br>
making coffee somewhere between my elbow<br>
and my chest emoji. he back and forths<br>
to collect the magic beans scattered where i creak<br><br>

i’ve started yelling about capitalism in the kitchen<br>
i do this by yelling CAPITALISM!!!! in the kitchen<br>
sam tells me to stop yelling un-popped punk at her<br>
and marisa tells me to stop reading Pinsky.<br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp Pinsky uses his indoor voice<br>
and i think about how it will still always be louder than my outdoor voice<br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp so now i am busting down the doors in my mouth  <br>     
the same way i am always busting open follicles <br>
to get to the caffeine of myself<br>
where the tiny man dances<br><br>

while tiny man works, his third eye puts an ear to my chest and hums along<br>
i don’t have to tell him how much i love him or that it weirds me out<br>
that i do or that i know his voice like skin that traps an ingrown hair<br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp like something that’s part of me, something i could also rip out, something <br>
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp with eyelashes the same length as mine<br><br>

i don’t know where i live anymore but i’ve started falling<br>
asleep, bottlecap charging in my palms. i am soaking up<br>
cosmic energy to phone the ambivalent space booger.<br>
i need to ask the Moon a thing. i need to ask it what to do<br>
when people keep leaving? &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp when they’re actually<br>
planets hatching from human suits. i need to ask how i too<br>
can become a planet. or a non planet &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp or an old cassette,<br>
or something like a hatchet to the gravitational pull<br>
between scars when scars match up. &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp still ringing<br><br>

so i ask sam instead and she tells me that when the kid upstairs runs,<br>
dust falls from the ceiling. her ivy plant covered with the slap of baby feet.<br><br>

i leave the bottlecap upside down by my bed to catch more<br>
it’s always empty in the morning &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp so i feed it to the elephants<br>
and they tremble &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp their nails are upside down shot glasses<br>
cracking under the weight of the espresso that the tiny man in my chest<br>
is stacking every time i feel a thing. &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp every time i close doors<br>
instead of busting them open &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp i am running out of rooms.<br><br>

i wake up next to a notebook open like a wound<br>
one centimeter to the left of mine so i’ll never write it<br>
down just right even when i finally can and so     <br>
i’m yelling in the kitchen &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp i’m busting open follicles,     <br>
i want the scars lined up   and they tell me to stop yelling    <br>
to use my indoor voice &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp to stop using hammers instead of keys        <br>
they want me to leave the room<br><br>

and there is caffeine everywhere &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspi am leaking magic beans<br>
and the tiny man is riding the elephants out of my chest<br>
he wants me to look them in the eye &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp but their eyelashes<br>
are too thick. they look like mine