---
layout: piece
title: god is a 12 year old girl
author: Angie Sijun Lou
date: 2017-04-26 10:00:00
category: april2017
bio: "Angie Sijun Lou is from Seattle. Her work has been/will be published by The Rumpus, Voicemail Poems, Hobart, Peach Mag, Metatron, Cosmonauts Avenue, and others. She was nominated for the 2016 Pushcart Prize."
---
It’s night one of Aquarius season<br>
& the road is bleached with moon<br>
& spit. I'm looking at my bangs<br>
crusted like a helmet to my face.<br>
I’m looking to kill the president<br>
of the USA—if not the tower, the<br>
hallway, if not his ghost, his hands.<br>
A boy told me once he thought all<br>
girltears were black cause he only<br>
saw his sister cry with mascara on,<br>
that same eye leaking & leaking.<br>
I told him god is a 12 year old girl<br>
leaking all her hidden bitter tears<br>
on a kitchen table.<br><br>
When I was 12 a nice white lady<br>
mistook me for her adopted<br>
daughter every day after school.<br>
She thought I looked just like her<br>
from the back but I know what<br>
I look like: a lotus flower with a<br>
sideways cunt, lying facedown on<br>
my bedroom floor remembering<br>
how bright animal eyes shine when<br>
they are reflected in car eyes. My<br>
mom doesn’t believe in abortions<br>
so she mailed me to Shanghai with<br>
a suitcase filled with breastmilk<br>
as soon as I was born. There are no<br>
stars in the womb but the stars in<br>
Amerika glimmer like cruel babies<br>
in the rain.<br><br>
Last night I dreamt of a wet block<br>
of tofu falling down an escalator,<br>
step by step, into a shallow eternity.<br>
I know it meant nothing but it went<br>
on all night long. At the end of this<br>
escalator I witnessed god sitting<br>
at a kitchen table. She wants to know<br>
if Amerika is as holy as the textbooks<br>
say & I tell her: Amerika is<br>
a swimming pool filled with spit,<br>
a pile of puke on the nativity scene,<br>
a limp dick on Snapchat,<br>
an artificial plant dying under<br>
a depression lamp & I<br>
have been instructed to build<br>
a synthetic ontology in all<br>
the holy spaces left behind.<br>