---
layout: piece
title: 3 Poems
author: Carolyn DeCarlo
date: 2016-02-15 04:00:00
category: february2016
---
<p><b>Circulars</b></p>
<p>Upstairs, the one legged man taps on the floor<br>
and I think it is someone knocking at our door.<br>
Sometimes when I am lying in bed<br>
I can hear him in the toilet.<br>
Our flats are laid out backward.<br>
His lounge is above my bedroom,<br>
his bedroom below our lounge.<br>
The kitchens are in completely different places.<br>
Once, Jackson said he could hear the <br>
one legged man peeing while he was peeing.<br><br>

The one legged man leaves his newspapers on the footpath<br>
and his junk mail in the mailbox.<br>
We bring his junk mail down to him<br>
and put it on his barbecue,<br>
but it just ends up blowing around<br>
on our steps and getting caught out in the rain.<br><br>

The one legged man stays home a lot.<br>
He watches a lot of movies and<br>
gets his food delivered from Countdown.<br>
The one legged man keeps his door open <br>
but I’ve only seen him once.<br>
The day we moved in,<br>
I knocked on his door frame.<br>
He came out and introduced himself.<br>
He said he likes to play music<br>
and we should tell him off if it gets too loud.<br>
The one legged man’s music is never too loud<br>
but it’s not enjoyable either.<br><br>

The one legged man has two cats.<br>
They are both incredibly shy.<br>
One of them accepts pats<br>
but the other one will hide under the house <br>
if he sees you coming.<br>
One time, I sat down on the couch<br>
and the shy cat shot out from behind it<br>
and ran out the door.<br>
The one legged man seems nice enough.<br>
We borrowed his can opener once.</p></br></br></br>
<p><b>House</b></p>
<p>I tie a thread around my ankles</br>
and lower my body down</br>
beneath the deck</br>
to watch the cats with human faces</br>
clean themselves in the half-light</br>
of their homes.</br></br>

A zeppelin disguised as a kereru</br>
propels itself magnificently</br>
through the stratosphere overhead</br>
and my person-eyes are transfixed</br>
by the person-eyes in front of mine,</br>
set in their frame of orange fur.</br></br>

How far back does the person go,</br>
I wonder –</br>
as in, are they person-brains or cat-brains</br>
living inside?</br></br>

Their homes are so clean,</br>
pitched roofs and whitewashed boards</br>
fitted snug to the land,</br>
the gentle roll of the hill.</br>
It is hard to hold onto them,</br>
hard to keep sight of their scale</br>
as we tap dance on the lino </br>
above their heads.</p></br></br></br>
<p><b>Houseplants</b></p>
<p>Trees march down the window </br>
panes </br>
of all the apartment buildings</br>
in straight diagonal lines.</br></br>

A woman peers through the plants</br>
in her window</br>
and smiles as you pass.</br></br>

Smile back.</br></br>

A foot appears in the gutter,</br>
lonely,</br>
pierced by a metal rod.</br></br>

Pick it up and </br>
place it in your bag.</p>