---
layout: piece
title: An Apple A Day 
author: Kendra Oakes
date: 2016-02-15 09:00:00
category: february2016
---
<p>ONE</p>

<p>when i was nineteen, or eighteen or twenty, my friends and i went to this party. some party in some strange basement-in-an-alley type place. the type of place we loved, where we felt like we were somewhere doing something. there was a show, some terrible band was playing terrible music. i will never remember who. that isn&#39;t important to this story though.</p>

<p>we all got idiotically drunk. the kind of drunk you look back on and wonder how you could ever act so free.</p>

<p>so idiotically drunk we took off our shirts. all of us. so drunk and dancing. so free so loud so uncaring. i had brought one of those idiotically large bottles of wine. you know the kind, the ones that look like regular wine bottles but magnified. i thought i was tough and dramatic. maybe free. anyway, no shirts, drunk, dancing. a friend i wanted to fuck took my idiot bottle of wine and took a idiotically large drink of it. he was an alcoholic. that isn&#39;t important to this story though. we kept dancing and he kept drinking. somehow my mouth violently collided with the bottom of the bottle. not purposely, mind you. very fucking accidentally. i remember it not being my fault and i&#39;m sure he remembers it not being his. anyway, it hurt. alot. i knew i wasn&#39;t going to like what happened when i ran my tongue across my teeth. and i didn’t. a significant chunk of one of my front teeth was gone. did i swallow it? was it on the ground? i remember my third or fourth thought immediately after it happened was to wonder if someone was going to find it on the sticky floor the next day.</p>

<p>a few weeks or perhaps a month or so later my mom came to pick me up to go to her house for something, maybe for a holiday. maybe it was autumn then. i don’t remember. i remember walking out of my apartment and through the garden. filled with dread. i walked to her car and said “Hi mom” and i&#39;ve always heard of people say how they &#39;could never forget the look on his/her/their face&#39; but i&#39;d never really believed it. my memory always has been spotty. but i remember that look. the look on her face when i opened my mouth and she saw my tooth. i don&#39;t think she looked at me again the entire time she was driving us home.</p>

<p>my parents paid to have it fixed. no daughter of theirs was going to walk around looking like that. i went to the dentist i&#39;d been seeing since i was a child. she asked me how my mother was, how my brother was liking college. she even remembered what college he was going to. he has always been a patient of hers as well. my whole family had been. she asked me how it had happened. i tried to make it sound casual “Well my friend accidentally hit me in the face with a giant bottle of wine ha ha.” it did not come off casual or ha ha. i don&#39;t think she talked the entire time she was making my teeth symmetrical again.</p>

<p>this happened four, or five or three, years ago. my teeth still look symmetrical and you can&#39;t tell one is half fake unless you examine them closely. i forget it ever happened most of the time. the only times i remember is on first dates when i use it as a conversation piece, or when i want to eat an apple. i&#39;m scared that if i bite into an apple my fake tooth bit will pop right off.</p>

<p>TWO</p>

<p>for three weeks straight i would wake up from dreams of my teeth crumbling in my mouth. the dreams would begin in a medley of scenarios, they never seemed specific enough to be worth remembering. then it would be the same, every time. i would run my tongue across my teeth and they wouldn&#39;t hold still, they would wiggle and feel frightening. i would then look in a mirror and bare my teeth to myself they would be unhappy shades of brown. sickly ambers and the muds of three-days-ago rains. horrified i would reach up to touch them. my fingers would meet bone and the teeth would just crumble crumble crumble at the slightest touch it looked like a roman ruin panic would overtake me as my mouth turned into the grounds of the parthenon.</p>

<p>when i wake i feel my teeth one by one, touching each as counting my eggs in my nest. not being able to avoid feeling as if athena was disappointed in me.</p>


<p>THREE</p>

<p>googling the family tree of zeus on a saturday night to find what goddess i could pretend to be that week. it hurt my head to read all the names and murders of such a tortured family.</p>