---
layout: piece
title: 3 Poems
author: Penny Newell
date: 2016-06-22 17:00:00
category: july2016
---

<h2>INTRODUCTION...</h2>

INTRODUCTION<br>
Sestina (Altaforte), vis. the unwritten poem. <br>

I did not expect to see<br>
a skeleton green<br>
behind the ash-fall<br>
of colours<br>

Sestina (Altaforte), vis. the unwritten poem.<br>

Introduction.<br>
INTRODUCTION<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Early one morning, words were <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Subsiding transport had<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;May God forgive<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Or, as we said,<br>

Thebes is slow <br>
goings on<br>
to eyes to lids<br>

Introduction.<br>
INTRODUCTION<br>
Sestina (Altaforte)<br>

I loved the day<br>
that ruined itself<br>
upon the wind.<br><br>


<h2>Beech</h2> 

You have not recently lost any items. <br>

You have not recently won any items. <br>

You are bidding on a cool<br>
vintage funky retro fashion tea<br>
caddy/caddie LOVELY decoupage/<br>
trinket oak/beech jewellery hand-<br>
made present, 100% excellent!<br>
medium-sized wooden gift<br>
box.<br><br>


<h2>Cool young poets talking about their art basically Xxxx (excerpt)</h2>

I – INPUT: / OUTPUT:<br>

To my many young and beautiful friends <br>
who used to be lovers:<br>
and the rest: who work <br>
now work to pieces of people<br> 
at computers: to all <br>
creatives: never the lesser ended<br>
great use for these eight fingers,<br>
to fear the momentum <br>
of stack-handles, to feet on the slight <br>
of the roll-along floor, the<br>
skin-pocked carpets of our future<br>
barred to the door, to make love, <br>
I reckon<br>
in pixels, only<br>
only to each other,<br>
in the basement of a library.<br>
Against the days-numbered decimals<br>
of Aristotle:<br>
ΠΕΡΙ ΑΙΣΘΗΣΕΩΣ ΚΑΙ ΑΙΣΘΗΤΩΝ.<br>
(trans.) I feel young, benumbed and taut together.<br>
Those unwarranted, unexplained <br>
capital letters.<br>
Poems as rigid, too, as rigid as those letters,<br>
the lifelike mnemonic of time<br>
blending two past lovers,<br>
my mind estranged by the law<br>
that water is the thinnest of all the liquids<br>
more difficult than oil even<br>
to cup in the hand.<br>
